WADDLE WINKINS AND THE WILD GEESE

Waddle Winkins lived on Widow Winkins' farm. Waddle's sisters lived there too, but they spent their days grazing and gaggling. Waddle had more important things to do. He was the UNofficial guard goose of Winkins farm.

Anytime a gate creaked, the kettle peaked, or tires screeched, Waddle would HONK the noise-maker back in order, “HONK! HONK! HONK!”

One morning while on patrol, Waddle saw the most outrageous sight. A skein of wild geese landed on the south lawn and began eating Widow Winkins' grass, his grass!

“HONK!” Waddle protested. He raced to chase them away, but slipped... Flap... Flap... Flap... CLANG! Waddle crashed into the fence. The thieving geese scattered, and the slightly ruffled Waddle cheered. “HONK! HONK! HONK!”

But the next day, the wild geese were back. “HoooONK!” Waddle cried. He steadied himself and charged again. “HONK! HONK! HONK!”

This time the geese just flew to another part of the yard. Waddle glared at them. He couldn't fly, and he couldn't outrun them. So Waddle did something he'd never done before: he called to his sisters for help, “HoooELP!”

Grazie, Lazie, and Dazie sauntered around the side of the house. When they saw the wild geese, they cackled with delight. Then they joined the strange geese. Oh, they chuckled and chatted! They swapped and squawked! Everyone was having a great time, except for Waddle.

Waddle paced back and forth, puffing his chest and beating his wings. Nobody even looked his way. Waddle's chest sank. He gazed up to the house, and saw Widow Winkins sitting on the porch. She smiled at Waddle, motioned towards the geese, and winked.

Confused, Waddle wandered towards the uninvited guests.

As he got closer, he heard a goose joking, “Ka, ka, ka... HONK!”

“Ha, ha, ha, HONK!” cackled Waddle's sisters. “Ha, Ha, HA, HA, HA, HONK!” Grazie, Lazie, and Dazie swooned like loons.

Waddle started chuckling, “Hm, hm, hm.” A laugh tickled in his throat, “ha, ha, ha... Ha, Ha, Ha... HA, HA, HAAAAONK!” Gasping, Waddle fell right into the middle of the gaggle.

All the geese stopped and stared.

“Honk?” Waddle offered duckishly. Waddle's sisters poked him, and everyone started laughing, even Waddle.

When the wild geese flew away, Waddle joined Widow Winkins on the porch. “You're a good goose,” said Widow Winkins. “You watch out for me and the house, and I appreciate that. But you're a silly goose, Waddle. No need to fight every new thing that comes your way.”

“Honk,” Waddle replied and tucked his beak next to Widow Winkins boots. And there he stayed until a raccoon streaked across the lawn...

“HONK! HONK! HONK!”
